Test your Knowledge
1. What type would you choose for the following ¡°numbers¡±?
A person¡¯s telephone number
string
A person¡¯s height
float
A person¡¯s age
byte
A person¡¯s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer)
enum
A person¡¯s salary
decimal
A book¡¯s ISBN
string
A book¡¯s price
decimal
A book¡¯s shipping weight
float
A country¡¯s population
ulong
The number of stars in the universe
ulong
The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business)
uint
2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is
boxing and unboxing?
a value type stores the value in the stack; a reference type stores a pointer(address) in the stack that points to the actual content that is stored in the heap.
boxing is to convert a value type into a reference type; unboxing is to convert a reference type into a value type.
3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
managed resources are resources that are handled by the common language runntime(CLR). CLR uses garbage collector to handle allocation and deallocation of memory space.
unmanaged resources are resources that CLR doesn't handle directly, which requires explicit cleanup. Examples are files, connections and etc.
4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
the purpose of Garbage Collector in .Net is to handle allocation and deallocation of memory space automatically. It provides releases unused memory, 
prevents memory leak, improve performance.

Test your Knowledge
1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
error: division by constant zero
2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
shows infinity
3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
it becomes negative
4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
y++: increment is done after
++y: increment is done before
5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
continue: continue to next iteration
break: break from the loop, execute the rest of function
return: the function is returned, no more execution.
6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
initialization, condition and iteration. None is required
7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
= is to assign and == is to compare.
8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
yes, it creates an infinite loop.
9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
_ serves as a default case in a switch expression
10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement?
IEnumerable